[Music]
9 child safety principals every parent
needs to know bumps and bruises are an
inescapable part of childhood but a
light injury is only one step away from
a fracture to protect your kids follow
the principles of child safety keep in
mind that the most important rules you
need to follow are about behavior in the
car as it's the most dangerous mean of
transportation 9 sleep safety a baby
should sleep on their back since 1992
when an official recommendation changed
from sleep on the stomach to sleep on
the back the mortality rate from sudden
infant death syndrome in Western Europe
has decreased by 3 times don't use
quilted blankets with lace as they can
block the baby's respiratory tract
during sleep a hard mattress and taut
elastic fitted sheets are all you need a
can of coca-cola should fit between the
crib bars this distance is optimum for a
baby not to get stuck between the bars a
sleeping baby should be free from
scarves clothes hats with ties fibs
pacifiers or toys with strains 8 fall an
injury prevention install certified
safety gates in your house when it comes
to stair cases they should be placed
both at the top and the bottom always
buckle children when using high chairs
or carriers when putting your child into
the carrier set it on the floor not on a
chair table or other furniture
if your child moves around the house and
a baby walker make sure they stay away
from stairs heating appliances and wires
put security bars on your windows they
must be provided with emergency release
devices in case of fire ensure secure
fixing of furniture especially of high
cabinets and any other things that can
tip and fall 7 asphyxiation prevention
make sure toys don't contain small parts
your child can tear off and try to
swallow the diet of children under the
age of 5 shouldn't contain round-shaped
solid foods such as sliced sausage nut
kernels hard candies grapes and maize
keep wires and cords away from your
child their cribs play pens and toys
from time to time walk on all fours
you'll notice things your child can put
in their mouth go to chest compression
and artificial respiration courses to
perform CPR if necessary sit fire safety
hide matches and lighters from your
children and don't keep lighters and
other fire sources that look like toys
in the house don't hold the baby while
cooking watch irons and hair dryers
unplug them after use and put them in a
safe place
cook on the back burners and keep hot
food out of a child's reach turn long
handles of pans away from the edge
reduce the time your child spends next
to a hot stove and install a protective
barrier around the stove if possible
install a smoke alarm at home it helps
to reduce the risk of death in
emergencies by half 5 poison prevention
don't try to induce vomiting or make the
child wash down what they swallowed
consult a doctor more than half of all
childhood intoxications are provoked by
accidental medication intake keep all
drugs even vitamins out of children's
reach never call medicine candy it may
provoke the child's interest in them
install locks on the cabinet doors where
you keep household detergents and
medicines keep gadgets that contain
lithium batteries away from children
these include car alarms clocks or no
controls flameless candles laser
pointers and flashlights have the number
of the nearest clinic or doctor to get
advice in the event of poisoning or
other dangerous situations for by the
water drain the tub immediately after
you finish all bath procedures toilet
lids doors to the bathrooms and laundry
room should be permanently closed open
water even in an ordinary barrel or
bucket should be fenced in because the
child could fall in and drown more than
half the parents believe that if their
child knows how to swim they don't need
supervision in fact 47% of drowned
children aged from 10 to 17 had swimming
skills as a rule tragedies in the water
take place silently and within a minute
therefore watch your child and don't get
distracted by reading books or talking
on the phone
[Music]
3w sitting position W sitting is one of
the most common sitting positions for
many kids
however this position may cause serious
orthopedic problems delays in the
development of postural control and
stability and motor skills the most
effective way to prevent your kid from W
sitting is to prevent it from becoming a
habit so anticipate it and catch it
before your child starts sitting in this
position if you do see your kids in W
position consistently encourage them to
adjust to a different position for
example they can sit with their legs
straight out or both knees bent to one
side - cycling if you bought your child
bicycle rollerskates or scooter be sure
to buy a helmet as well it's the only
effective protection against brain
injury children's clothes while riding
should be bright preferably with
reflective elements bicycles must be
equipped with front and rear light
sources check whether the lights are
fixed well how the brakes and gears work
and the wheel condition before letting
your child ride a bike
teach them to engage in eye contact and
give hand signals to both drivers and
pedestrians one in a car a child's can
sit in an adult chair only if their
height exceeds four six and they weigh
at least 70 point eight pounds if the
child is too big for a portable child
seat you need to use a booster seat a
car seat without a back seats for
children under the age of two should be
set against the car movement before you
start the car try pinching a belt and if
a fold form tighten it the car seat
shouldn't move more than an inch if the
child uses an adult seat they have to
wear regular seat belts the upper part
of the belt must pass over the child's
chest and shoulder and not across the
neck and the lower part should lie on
the hips not across the stomach keep hot
food and anything that can move during
breaking away from the child
have you enjoyed the video then give it
a thumbs up and if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life